For all designs I ask you to make, have them be beautiful, not cookie cutter. Make webpages that are fully featured and worthy for production.

By default, this template supports JSX syntax with Tailwind CSS classes, React hooks, and Lucide React for icons. Do not install other packages for UI themes, icons, etc unless absolutely necessary or I request them.

Use icons from lucide-react for logos.

help me build a pwa app for mobile where users come in and see the menu. they see a gamified language learning app. they can select a language in the settings. they have a menu where they can select a type of game. Campaign (find a better name for this) and Vocabulary. When they select campaign a new menu opens and they select weekly quizzes, quiz of the day, and more. When they select weekly quizzes. they enter another menu. they see 5 options. Each opens a quiz game. but each is focused on something else. grocery store, train station, the park and so on. Each item can display 3 medails depending on how well they solve the quiz. Bronze, silver or gold. The user can re-take the weekly quiz set to get betetr result (medail)

please make it more engaging by adding a background color that is a gradient. the gradient is animated and barely moves. but it is there. consider that for the quiz the gradient would have to be different as the user is playing a game. the quizzes have to have a timer that is running out this will limit the chances that users will acchive the gold medail. add users account profile icon in the header of the navigation bar. it opens settings where users can see their profile. Please add login page too. please change title to "quiz 95". please add streak icon in the header. the users can keep up with the streak by participating in any challenge. For vocabulary please add a menu where they can select a set of words they are learning. each set has a way to test the knowledge of the vocabulary by using the quiz component. Users have to guess all words correctly to complete the vocabulary set. please also add a ranking information of the user. the rank will tell the user byt he number of medails what is his/her rank in global rankings. Make user enter the country, so that ranking can be focused based on the country the user is from.


please make the login page work with firebase login. also make sure that the user acchivements are saved to the database. Please help me protect the database connection by using firebase login token and verify it on the database side.  I assume that is the standard way to validate the users requests. please make the wallpaper cycle through less colors. only a couple of shades.